I can't believe your sincerity is enough this time.
I tried to make it happen.
This gentleman.
You're obviously fooling my brother.
200,000 becomes 2 million.
It's illegal for you to do that.
In violation of the law, did I force your brother to borrow my money?
Right.
I just need to see the money today.
I didn't say no.
200,000 will be returned.
Two million is impossible.
Okay, no.
Let him leave a hand.
Don't save me!
I don't have that much money now.
I'll give you the money.
Let me go, I'll give you the money back.
Cary now has 1.2 million.
I'm leaving right now.
Okay, but...
I'm afraid you run and you won't come back.
Need a little more interest
What do you mean?
I've got to leave a note on your face.
I may not accept it.
No, you can't.